then the Lord said to Moses depart and
go up from here you and the people whom
you have brought out of the land of
Egypt to the land of which I swore to
Abraham Isaac and Jacob saying to your
descendants I will give it and I will
send my angel before you and I will
drive out the Canaanite and the amorite
and the hittite and the perizzite and a
high light and the jebusite go up to a
land flowing with milk and honey for I
will not go up in your midst lest I
consume you on the way for you are a
stiff-necked people and when the people
heard this bad news they mourned and no
one put on his ornaments for the Lord
had said to Moses say to the children of
Israel you are a stiff-necked people I
could come up into your midst in one
moment and consume you now therefore
take off your ornaments that I may know
what to do to you so the children of
Israel stripped themselves of their
ornaments by Mount Horeb Moses took his
tent and pitched it outside the camp far
from the camp and called it the
tabernacle of meeting and it came to
pass but everyone who sought the Lord
went out to the tabernacle of meeting
which was outside the camp so it was
whenever Moses went out to the
tabernacle that all the people rose and
each man stood at his tent door and
watched Mose
until he had gone into the tabernacle
and it came to pass when Moses entered
the tabernacle but the pillar of cloud
descended and stood at the door of the
tabernacle and the Lord talked with
Moses all the people saw the pillar of
cloud standing at the tabernacle door
and all the people rose and worshipped
each man in his tent door so the Lord
spoke to Moses face to face as a man
speaks to his friend and he would return
to the camp but his servant Joshua the
son of nun a young man did not depart
from the tabernacle and Moses said to
the Lord
see you say to me bring up the speed but
you have not let me know who you will
send with me yet you have said I know
you by name and you have also found
grace in my sight now therefore I pray
if I have found grace in your sight show
me now
your way that I may know you and that I
may find grace in your sight
and consider
that this nation is your people
my presence will go with you and I will
give you rest if your presence does not
go with us do not bring us up from here
for how then will it be known that your
people and I have found grace in your
sight except you go with us so we shall
be separate your people and I from all
the people who are upon the face of the
earth I will also do this thing that you
have spoken for you have found grace in
my sight and I know you by name
[Music]
I will make all my goodness pass before
you and I will proclaim the name of the
Lord before you I will be gracious to
whom I will be gracious and I will have
compassion on whom I will have
compassion you cannot see my face for no
man shall see me and live here is a
place by me and you shall stand on the
rock so it shall be
while my glory passes by that I will put
you in the cleft of the rock and will
cover you with my hand while I pass by
then I will take away my
and you shall see my back but my face
shall not be seen
you